The Joe Rogan experience. But what's,
I think one of the things that's alarming about our politics right now is like
things that were just regarded up until like five years ago as the kind of
lunatic fringe have made their way into mainstream politics, like steep,
Steve Bannon, proudly declared himself like,
and Breitbart as the platform of the alt-right.
And then Steve Bannon was sitting down the hall from the president of the United
States.
What was the alt-right in the beginning though?
See the alt-right became something in the public eye. In the beginning,
I thought the alt-right was like young Republicans that were a little
different, you know, I don't know what it, no, no, no,
not now for sure. But I mean, in the beginning,
my perceptions of the alt-right and the beginning was like,
what I thought Milo Yiannopoulos was when he first burst onto the scene,
sort of like, um, you know, a,
a guy who's.
But the whole thing that Milo has revealed, right, is like,
it was an ironic posture that revealed, like, if you're joking about,
you know, and, you're still saying the thing.
Gay and he's Jewish.
And so the idea was that he could get away with these things.
Provocateur was the word I was looking for,
and this is essentially what he's doing.
And he's using that to build social
currency, right? That social currencies,
developing this large group of people that follow him and talk to him.
And he thinks that there's some merit to his idea.
So he finds some sort of a justification for
having these provocative conversations in this stance where he's saying these
things and,
and a big proponent of free speech and all these things are happening all at the
same time.
That's what I thought the alt-right was initially what I thought the alt-right
was initially was people that wanted a new, younger, more,
more current take on what a Republican is and then it
became racist. And then it became, you know,
all the things that we think of it now, in terms of like public perceptions,
when it came the chemicals themselves art right now, who,
who even says they're all right. I mean,
it's almost like such a pejorative,
like the label is become so toxic.
But the law don't misunderstand the fading of the
label for the power of the movement.
It's just become kind of more normal Republican.
Now alt-right ideas have been subsumed by the
Trumpist Republican party, to some extent. I mean,
look like
the idea that some Americans are less American than others.
That is certainly an alt-right idea that I think is extremely dangerous. I mean,
you saw when here's, here's a great example when Trump went after the squad.
Okay. As,
and remember when he said that they should go back to the totally broken crime
infested places that they came from. Aha. Those people were,
three of them were born in America. One is a naturalized us citizen. The,
the idea there, right? As I heard it, and maybe I'm hearing something,
you're not that some Americans,
because of their skin color or their ideas sort of have provisional belonging
here for me is a very, very, it's more than a dog whistle.
It's something that is deeply un-American and deeply bigoted.
He had said that about one person who had come here from somewhere else,
it was awful and was criticizing America.
Then that would have been a more valid statement. And that would be like alien.
Omar's not from America initially. Surely.
Melanoma. No, but, and I can't stand her ideas,
but she's a naturalized citizen who is sworn to uphold the values of the
constitution. She's just as American as me or Donald Trump. Are you.
Great? And I also agree that this idea,
like go back to where you were,
that sucks is the response to someone criticizing the way things are here is
pretty ridiculous. You don't have to go back to where it sucks.
You're here and you're in the United States citizen.
You just think that this place should be better. Yes.
And you can disagree with their ideas, but that I, that concept, right.
That you're not entirely of a place that is something that has been used against
Jews forever.
The idea that you're not fully Iraqi because you're Jewish or you're not fully
American because you're Jewish or you're not fully French because you're Jewish.
Like the idea of provisional belonging is something that is that I am extremely
sensitive to.
So it's a toxic tribalism.
That's attached to the concept that the alt-right ideas.
But then the alt-right ideas like there's Trump. I mean,
look at who Steve Bannon has made common cause with raid people like Nigel
Farrage people like Marine Le pen. I mean,
there was a really good documentary about Steve Bannon,
where he's meeting with people who really are not just like normal
conservatives, his Marine Le pen, Marine Le pen.
What is her party's name in France? She is, um,
a deeply xenophobic politician in France whose
father, uh, was profoundly antisemitic. She claims that he's,
that she's not. Um, but she's someone that, you know,
you say her name in any Jewish community and.
Uh, president of the national front, just that name national front,
it sounds like Stormfront. It's really.
Not.
Marion and purine, a French politician,
lawyer serving as president of national rally political party since 2011 with a
brief interruption, 2017, she has been the member of the national.
It doesn't say what she does it doesn't say. Okay.
Anyway. So back to her and or Jews or
Farrage.
Yeah. I mean, just like, I don't know. I,
I see ideas getting expressed. Like there,
there are people that Tucker Carlson has had on his show who are like a valid
white nationalists recently. Can you Google that? Jamie,
there was a guy that he had on the other day, um, or even,
even these whistles right. Of like there's a way to criticize. Um,
did you find it, sorry.
There's a way to criticize when I lost.
My train of thought. Oh.
No worries. Um, there's,
there's a S a certain here it goes list of Tucker Carlson's guests who have
links to white nationalism, but he's, he agreed with these people.
Has he argued against their ideas?
Roger Stone. Roger Stone's a white nationalist. No.
His links to white nationalism. Peter SCA.
No, there was something more recently.
It wasn't the first white nationalist Tucker Carlson has hosted. Okay.
That was 2018. Anyway. Um.
I don't know. I mean,
are you not alarmed by the turn that you see in the Republican party towards
sort of like, I don't know, the Trump Trumpist cult?
Well, I think one thing that the Republican party has done that's wise,
if you want to keep a solidified team,
is that they haven't come out against him and they've supported him.
And there's very little dissent and this is,
this is a good idea if you want your team to win. Right.
And there was a lot of people who were kind of never Trumpers who soften their
stance once they realized the power of his presidency,
that he's a really dominant sometimes Trumpers. Yeah. Yeah. I'm alarmed.
I'm alarmed by people.
I'm alarmed whenever there's not where this outward,
there's an outward lack of compassion. And when there's a,
an outward disdain for the other,
because essentially this country is all the other, the whole thing,
that's all we have is the other, I mean, that's, that's the whole thing.
I think that, yeah. Yeah. I mean, there's just,
Trump has just beyond the sort of, like he said, various things that are like,
he was speak speaking to a Jewish group and he talked about your prime minister.
I mean, he said so many things that are ridiculous, but the big,
big thing that he's guilty of is he is like dismantled the guard
rails of the keep society decent and civil and normal.
And like once you dismantle those things, like it's very easy to reverse,
not very easy, but you can reverse policies.
What's much harder to reverse is a culture.
And he has just been gleefully making war on.
What I think of is very, very important cultural norms.
Like.
Like not attacking the weakest people in our culture,
like not attacking gold star families. Like, I mean, he is,
he is denigrated like the most heroic and the weakest people at our culture at
every possible turn. Yes.
The gold star family thing was very disturbing and weird how it just kind of
went away.
I mean, it didn't go. That was, I remember that moment.
Remember when he people forget this, when he said about, um,
judge Alonzo curial who was born in this country,
that he couldn't give a fair hearing to Trump university because he was born in
Mexico. I mean this in America. Yes.
This was when was this years ago? It was.
During the candidacy. Really? Wasn't yeah. We just.
Wow. Jesus Christ.
And he say something about loyal Jews vote Democrat as well.
Oh yeah.
That the Jews Jews are disloyal because they don't vote Republican because look
at all the great things he's done for Israel. Yeah.
That if you're a loyal Judah, Israel, you would vote Republican. Yeah.
The Jews who don't vote for him are disloyal. I mean, yeah, that was,
yeah. That was a high point. But I mean, just the main, like I'm,
I feel like I haven't given you a satisfying answer about anti-Semitism itself.
I think the way to think about it.
Uh, do you remember this too jarring to read,
um, Indiana born,
federal judge who president Donald Trump once said could not be impartial
because he was Mexican cleared,
a major obstacle standing in the way of Trump's long promised border wall with.
Mexico. So I hear that. And I'm like, oh, that's.
Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy.
All feeding this idea that like,
there are some people who are more American than others that are more belonging
than others. And I think that ideas.
Right. It reinforces his tribe. Right.
And that's one thing that Donald Trump has clearly done is calculate,
cultivate, rather a tribe. You know, he has a tribe. I mean, they have a,
they have a hat, right.
They have a slogan and it's a weird slogan because it seems so
positive. Make America great. Again, that seems positive,
but it's not like if you, if you look, people punch you,
if you have that hat on so crazy,
we've gotten to a point in society that something that's a positive statement,
like make America great. Again,
is so polarizing that people will be violent towards you and feel like they
need to, they feel like they need to laugh. Like you're the enemy.